README.md, before:

# webwaka-core-entitlements

**Pricing & Entitlements - Entitlement and access control**

## Overview

This repository is part of the WebWaka Core Substrate. It provides shared services for the WebWaka platform.

## Status

🚧 **Infrastructure Ready** - Implementation pending

## Purpose

This is a **Core Module** in the WebWaka modular architecture:

- **Classification:** `core`
- **Prefix:** `webwaka-core-`
- **Type:** Headless TypeScript library
- **Consumers:** Suite modules (POS, SVM, MVM, etc.)

## Integration

This module will be consumed by Suite modules through npm package installation or monorepo workspace dependencies. It does not provide UI components—only business logic and data access interfaces.

## Dependencies

- `webwaka-core-registry` - Module registration and capability resolution

## Development

This repository follows WebWaka governance standards:

- All changes require PR review
- CI must pass before merge
- Main branch allows direct pushes (for now)
- Automatic deployment via Vercel

## License

To be determined

## Contact

For questions or contributions, see OWNERS.md

Commit message:

docs: update installation instructions to use npm registry

README.md, after:

# webwaka-core-entitlements

**Pricing & Entitlements - Entitlement and access control**

## Installation

```bash
npm install @webwaka/core-entitlements
```

**Note**: This package is published to npm registry. GitHub-based installs are no longer supported.


## Overview

This repository is part of the WebWaka Core Substrate. It provides shared services for the WebWaka platform.

## Status

🚧 **Infrastructure Ready** - Implementation pending

## Purpose

This is a **Core Module** in the WebWaka modular architecture:

- **Classification:** `core`
- **Prefix:** `webwaka-core-`
- **Type:** Headless TypeScript library
- **Consumers:** Suite modules (POS, SVM, MVM, etc.)

## Integration

This module will be consumed by Suite modules through npm package installation or monorepo workspace dependencies. It does not provide UI components—only business logic and data access interfaces.

## Dependencies

- `webwaka-core-registry` - Module registration and capability resolution

## Development

This repository follows WebWaka governance standards:

- All changes require PR review
- CI must pass before merge
- Main branch allows direct pushes (for now)
- Automatic deployment via Vercel

## License

To be determined

## Contact

For questions or contributions, see OWNERS.md
